the money file College of Nursing
Manipal was started in 1992 trained
competent nurses by providing
comprehensive nursing care based on
scientific principles to meet the needs
of the expanding health services of the
country a constituent college of the
money file Academy of Higher Education
Mahe the money pile College of Nursing
is recognized by the karnataka nursing
council and the indian nursing council
the college is well equipped with
nursing arts teaching aids Community
Health and Nutrition laboratories the
anatomy and pathology Museum located in
the center for basic sciences are fine
assets to the academic programs of the
college the clinical teaching is done at
mahes associated hospitals the
environment at Malabar is highly
conducive to professional training of
high academic excellence optimal
learning and the opportunity for
personal and professional development
committee participation and interaction
with national and international health
organizations development of clinical
skills teaching administration and
research skills in students and faculty
courses offered
whenever College of Nursing isn't I
usual satisfied institution and also it
is appreciated by not the academic
atmosphere and the infrastructure is
very conducive for learning a
professional course the highly qualified
teachers they are very versed with the
modern technology of Education most of
our graduates and immediately employed
and they are working all over the world
if you places to name USA Europe
Australia Canada and also Middle East
join nursing and prepare to make a
difference in the world
Oh